docs: update team and funding references (#751)
fluidd-core/fluidd: docs/index.md

## Supporting Fluidd

Fluidd was created by [Craig Bassett](https://github.com/cadriel) and is currently

> developed and maintained by [Fluidd Maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/fluidd-core/teams/maintainers)

Reviewer: I don't think org team members are accessible publicly. Maybe this works?
```suggestion
developed and maintained by the [Fluidd team](https://github.com/orgs/fluidd-core/people)
```

Author: Good point, I actually thought that was public, I see now it isn't... yours is better! 🙂
